Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Teacher!
What's the name of this shellfish?
It's called a Chiraga Spider Conch.
It lives on the rocky
shores around Okinawa.
In the old days, it was used
as a charm to protect against evil.
Teacher! What about this?!
Wait a moment.
That is... Let's see...
Can I get a closer look?
Here!
Here it is!
It's called a turban shell.
Oh, are you studying
marine biology with your students...
...Fuyutsuki-sensei?
Well, yes...
I used to do that, too, when I would
go on outings with the students.
When we observe
living things with the students...
... I really feel at one with nature...
Wow, you are,
surprisingly, a romantic.
Sure I am!
Vice Principal!
There's a big blue fish!
Is that right?
Wow! It's pretty!
It's called a parrotfish.
In Okinawa...
...it is one of the most popular fish,
along with a double-lined fusilier.
You know a lot...
Don't get too close.
The fish will be afraid.
Please admire it from a distance.
I understand.
Look. It is swimming happily.
It's nice.
To be gentle in the treatment
of even a small life like this is...
I've got my meal!
Oni... Oni... Oni...
Yeah! Look at this!
Wow! Great!
He got it on the first try!
I was called
a Sea Man at Shonan.
Onizuka!
What's up, Vice Principal?
What are you doing?!
While I'm teaching the students
how important life is...
...you murdered it in front of us!
Would you like to eat it, too?
I'm going to grill it on the beach.
Grill it on the beach?!
It's really good!
Especially this fresh parrotfish.
Oh, Kanzaki?
Leave me alone!
Because of
your room arrangements...
... I couldn't sleep at all!
I was bothered by Gundam!
Get ready!
Get ready...?
A habu's got my penis!
You! Kanzaki!
Well done! Kanzaki!
I support your doing this!
Please, someone!
Suck out the poison!
Fu... Fuyutsuki!
What...?
Please! With your mouth!
Definitely not!
Fuyutsuki!!
Damn that terrorist woman!
I almost needed to cut it off!
I survived because I sucked
it out myself. I can't believe it!
I'm the one who can't believe this!
This is the first time I've seen
such a cheerful person...
...after they were bit by a habu.
You deserve it. It's your fault.
There. It's done.
Oh, thank you very much...
Please put
the bandage on yourself.
All right. Thanks...
You put Gundam fanatics only
in Kanzaki's room, didn't you?
I don't know why you made
that room arrangement.
Kanzaki can speak
five different languages...
... but she complained that...
...she couldn't understand
their conversation at all.
Hey, what are you doing?
Well, in my group
in the chat room...
...the secret treasures in Japan
were once a popular subject.
When I told them I was going
to Ishigaki Island on a school trip...
...some people
sent me information...
...about a hidden treasure
on this island.
Hidden treasure?
They say it's known as...
...a treasure belonging
to a heretical religious group.
There is a secret treasure of
the Christians who were in hiding...
...and were led by Shiro Amakusa.
Some say a part of the treasure...
...was carried from Shimabara
to Ishigaki Island.
It's worth close to 2 billion yen
by today's prices.
2 billion...?
My guess is that this uninhabited
island may be the one...
Are you saying there is
2 billion on this island?
It's really close to here!
Of course, it's just my hypothesis.
That's the legend of Shiro Amakusa's
Golden Cross, isn't it?
Because of the curse...
... no one has wanted to get
close to that island for a long time.
It's a common story, isn't it?
It surely is...
We can find that kind
of legend anywhere.
Wait!
I can smell strongly...
the scent of real treasure...
...the smell of 2 billion.!
I told you it's a hypothesis!
This needs to be
investigated more...
What are you talking about?
A short distance away,
2 billion is lying around.
If we go home empty-handed,
we should be punished.
Onizuka, are you serious?
But if we are going to look
for the hidden treasure...
...we need a lot of man power.
Don't worry about that!
Right now, I have plenty
of laborers who work for free.
What?
We have 40 young
and healthy ones.
All right!
All classes! Gather here!
Now we're going to see a colony
of Yaeyama Palm Trees.
Listen! Don't disrupt
the group activity.
Please do not act selfishly...
What happened to Class 4?
Didn't you give him permission?
What permission?
Onizuka-sensei said he got
permission from you a while ago...
...and he's going to do
some special research.
Special research?
He said...
...the theme was "What does
the sea turtle's egg taste like?"
Don't you know about it?
Sea turtle?!
BIG CATCH
Aren't we going to Yaeyama?
Why sea turtle?
You had 40 people ride
on such a shabby boat!
This isn't going to sink, is it?
I'm scared! Teacher!
Shut up! Be quiet!
This is noble research
we are doing by studying...
...the sea turtle's eggs.
If you complain, I'll give you
no points for social science.
What's that?!
The sea turtle belongs to natural
science, not social science!
Shut up! That's an order
from your homeroom teacher!
Like I thought, it's not
a good idea to deceive everyone...
...and use them
for treasure hunting...
If we find the treasure
and take them to Hawaii...
... no one will complain.
Besides, everyone seriously
thinks this is special research...
If there are still
some who complain...
...I'll have them buried
in the hole they have dug.
The hole worth 2 billion.!
I can't stop him...
What are you scheming?
What are you doing?!
- What a great turn of events!
- Kanzaki! Help!
- Watch out, Onizuka!
- Hey! Help!
What are you going to do, Anko?
I don't know what's going on,
but just watch us!
All right!
Let's play Shiritori (word game)!
Doriya!
I don't want to play!
Hey! Hey!
You guys! Show some happiness
about being in the forest!
Shall we sing?!
We're not in a forest,
we're in a jungle!
I don't have the energy to sing.
How far do we need to go?
According to this map,
it's about 2 km more.
Two kilometers?!
Are we going to walk some more?
I don't care about the sea turtles!
I want to go back to the hotel!
- Me, too!
If you want to go back,
suit yourself!
But you get no points
in social science.
He must be a real idiot!
I wonder if it is really okay
to come this far by ourselves...
Uh... spooky...
Yoshikawa?
Hey! Step it up!
Onizuka!
Vice Principal!
It's dangerous!
Please don't go in the water
on a jet ski, and then get on this boat!
Shut up! Why would I get
on such a slow boat?!
If the students get lost
because of that man...
...what am I going to do?
It will be my responsibility!
I'll save the students
with my own two hands...
...and this time I'll kick him out
of the school forever! Watch me!
Onizuka!
Where are you going?!
The island Onizuka-sensei headed for
was this island! Vice Principal!
HABUTO POKOCHIN
(HABU AND PENIS)
Listen! The turtles' eggs are
buried very deep in the ground!
You should dig
at least two meters deep!
This is strange...
When I watched on TV before...
...I thought sea turtles
were laying eggs in the sand...
Oh, another thing!
If you find an old box...
...it is dangerous.
So do not open it!
But let me know immediately!
Understand?!
Teacher. It's better to stop...
If we don't find anything,
the class will kill you!
Well, if nothing comes of it...
...we can blame the destruction
of their habitat or something...
...and we can avoid the issue.
As long as we can
find the treasure...
I can't help...
Kikuchi...
I have something to ask you...
Teacher! Something strange,
like a chunk of iron, is buried here!
What?!
Let me see!
What's this?
That's probably
an unexploded bomb.
Oh, an unexploded bomb...
The sea turtle.... Wow!
Bomb?!
What?! Bomb?!
Shut up! It's called an unexploded
bomb because it doesn't explode.
You don't need to worry about it!
Work hard!
If you are not working,
you will lose your lunch!
No way!
Shoot! Why did I have to come
to Okinawa to dig a hole?!
I will report Onizuka to UNICEF
for mistreatment of children!
Oh, I can't go any further.
I'm so thirsty.
Don't you have any juice?
We already drank it all!
What? Oh, I'm going to die!
Here. You can drink this.
Thank you...
Teacher! I've found
something like a box!
What?! Really?!
Where is it?!
There, down there,
it looks like a box...
Which one is it?!
Where is it? Where?!
You, Kanzaki!
What are you doing?!
Here we go!
What are you doing?! Stop it!
What are you doing, Kanzaki?
Don't play innocent!
We have the evidence.
Evidence? I don't know
what you're talking about.
Kikuchi confessed everything.
He said the special
research was a big lie!
You used
and abused us as laborers...
... in order to find
the buried treasure, didn't you?
Hey, Kikuchi!
You sold me out to them!
What are you talking about?
I'm tied up. Look.
Look at what?! The rope is loose!
Everyone, what do you want to do?
Should we just execute him?
Yeah!
Hey, wait a minute!
I wasn't going to cheat you!
If we found the treasure,
I was going to share it equally...
Hey!
It's true!
All right, all right! I'll stop
the treasure hunt immediately!
Please! I'll do anything!
Please forgive me this time!
Hey, Kanzaki!
For some time, since we've been
here, I've been a little worried...
About what?
I can't find them although I've
been looking for them for a while...
Yoshikawa, Uehara, and the others.
Hey, walk quickly!
You want me to,
but with a blindfold...
Shut up! Don't complain!
Yoshikawa doesn't deserve it!
But you've thought
of an outrageous plan!
You'll have Yoshikawa get lost!
If we have a victim
on a distant island...
...in the Southern sea like this...
...it will be the homeroom
teacher's responsibility.
I bet Onizuka is panicking now...
We're missing.!
Hey, we came pretty far.
Isn't it far enough?
All right!
Sorry, but we'll leave you here.
We'll loosen the rope for you
so you'll be able to get away.
Now, sit right there!
Well, if you're lucky, you'll survive.
If you're lucky.!
If you want to blame someone,
blame Onizuka! See you!
Bye-bye!
It serves him right!
It's just Yoshikawa.
It's his fault for pulling
such a trick on us.
He must be crying right now.
But is it really all right
to leave him in this jungle?
If he loses his way back,
he may really die.
It doesn't matter.
Society doesn't
need that crybaby.
You must really hate him.
He makes me irritated.
He does whatever others say.
It's like "Please pick on me!"
That's terrible, Anko.
What?
How did you get ahead of us?
What? I've just been
sitting here the whole time.
What? Then we must
have taken a wrong path.
It is strange...
That's right! This way!
I see. Sorry!
We almost got ourselves lost...
Why?
Strange... There is no way...
Why?!
There is no way.!
Wait a minute!
This means we are also...?
... lost?
Why didn't anyone mark the way?!
If we get lost, it isn't even funny!
What?!
It's your fault!
Because you tricked us
like that with Onizuka.!
What are you going to do?!
It's your fault! We got lost!
If I hadn't had on a blindfold...
... I might have
remembered the way back...
You're a man!
Don't make any excuses,
and do something!
You're a man, aren't you?!
It's not fair.
When you need something,
you call me a man.
What are we going to do?!
Can't we ever go home again?!
No! I don't like that!
Hey!
Don't yell so loudly!
Calm down, everyone!
Anyway, let's calm down
and find the way out. Okay?
How can you talk like
such an authority?!
You're just Yoshikawa!
Don't act like a man!
You say "Be a man"
and "Don't act like a man!"
Which is it?!
Shut up!
Hey, Anko.
Are you sure this is the right way?
The trees are getting thicker...
I don't know!
Hey, this is
a tropical island, isn't it?
Then there must be tigers
and cheetahs, right?
I don't think so.
How do you know?!
You're just Yoshikawa!
Look!
It's the end of the jungle!
It's the way out!
Yeah! We did it! We'll live!
It can't be true...
This is the ocean!
What?! Where are we?!
We must be at the opposite side...
Hey, do something!
It was your idea to let
Yoshikawa get lost!
Take some responsibility!
Shut up!
I get it! You'll be happy
if you can go home! Right?
Hey! Where are you going?! Anko!
If I go along the shore...
... I may get back
to the place we landed.
It's dangerous! Come back!
I'm okay...
Are you all right?
Yeah! I'm fine!
Hey! I can hear people's voices!
Someone may be down there...
Wow! She fell in!
What shall we do?!
Yoshikawa?!
Yoshikawa!
Where is our future going?
Maybe it knows of this aimless journey
And simply flew away
If you can stop our gloomy days
I will listen to all you say
However much we have,
There is always something lacking
The wind will always blow
And carry the scent away
I am searching for our future now
Don't laugh because
It may really go away
Remember these
Strained words I say
The night is almost over,
So let's run through this moment
All we have is this precious moment
Before the endless night begins
Embrace this precious night
NEXT EPISODE
Why are you mean to me?
Yoshikawa! Uehara!
Where are you?!
Of course I can't do it!
Uehara-san...
No! I won't go!
Miss Uehara!
You can do it. Trust me.
SEE YA NEXT TIME